        On ArrayList

Write a Java program to insert an element into the array list at the first position.

Write a Java program to retrieve an element (at a specified index) from a given array list

Write a Java program to update specific array element by given element

Write a Java program to search an element in a array list.

Write a Java program to sort a given array list. 

Write a Java program to remove the third element from a array list.

Write a Java program to reverse elements in a array list.

 
                   On linkedtList
				   
 1. Write a Java program to append the specified element to the end of a linked list. 


2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a linked list. 


3. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a linked list starting at the specified position. 


4. Write a Java program to iterate a linked list in reverse order. 


5. Write a Java program to insert the specified element at the specified position in the linked list. 


6. Write a Java program to insert elements into the linked list at the first and last position. 



      On Hashset
	  
	  
1.Write a Java program to append the specified element to the end of a hash set. 


2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a hash list. 


3. Write a Java program to get the number of elements in a hash set. 


4. Write a Java program to empty an hash set. 


5. Write a Java program to test a hash set is empty or not. 


6. Write a Java program to clone a hash set to another hash set. 


7. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to an array. 


8. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to a tree set. 


9. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to a List/ArrayList. 


     on Tree set using NavigableSet  interface

. Write a Java program to create a new tree set, add some colors (string) and print out the tree set. Go to the editor


2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a tree set. Go to the editor


3. Write a Java program to add all the elements of a specified tree set to another tree set. Go to the editor


4. Write a Java program to create a reverse order view of the elements contained in a given tree set. Go to the editor


5. Write a Java program to get the first and last elements in a tree set. Go to the editor


6. Write a Java program to clone a tree set list to another tree set. Go to the editor


7. Write a Java program to get the number of elements in a tree set. Go to the editor


8. Write a Java program to compare two tree sets. Go to the editor


9. Write a Java program to find the numbers less than 7 in a tree set. Go to the editor